Fix old implicit reference to v3 repo (#74)
exercism/docs: anatomy/track-tooling/analyzers/creating-from-scratch.md

1. Check [our repository list for an existing `...-analyzer`](https://github.com/exercism?q=-analyzer) to ensure that one doesn't already exist.
2. Scan the [contents of this directory](./) to ensure you are comfortable with the idea of creating an Analyzer.

> 3. Open an issue at [exercism/exercism][exercism-repo] introducing yourself and telling us which language you'd like to create a Analayzer for.

Reviewer: Why not do:

```suggestion
3. [Open an issue at exercism/exercism](https://github.com/exercism/exercism/issues/new) introducing yourself and telling us which language you'd like to create a Analyzer for.
```

Author: Two reasons:
1. Your other PR said we shouldn't use internal links, so I moved it to the end of the file 😛 
2. I figured we might have more info at the apex of the exercism/exercism directory, and possibly have issue templates and things so that it might be better to send someone to the apex. But I can be persuaded either way on this.

Reviewer: 1. True :)
2. It would be really nice to have an issue template. That is something we should do at some point. Feel free to merge as is. I'll approve.

Author: Ta :)

> We have an incredibly friendly and supportive community who will be happy to help you as you work through this! If you get stuck, please speak to us on Slack or create new issues at [exercism/exercism][exercism-repo] as needed :slightly-smiling-face:

Author: ```suggestion
We have an incredibly friendly and supportive community who will be happy to help you as you work through this! If you get stuck, please speak to us on Slack or create new issues at [exercism/exercism][exercism-repo] as needed 🙂
```
